motorcycles of today are the true
marvels of engineering a basic model of
inner parts of a typical motorcycle is
shown here in this video we will explain
the basic function of each of these
parts in a motorcycle let's begin from
how a motorcycle engine starts all
motorcycles have either a Kickstarter or
a self-starter or both a Kickstarter
mechanism is simple yet interesting as
the Kickstarter lever is descended a
helical spline forces the gear to slide
and engage with a freewheeling gear on
the main shaft as the lever is descended
further the gear spins on its axis and
transfers the power to the clutch hub
the clutch hub transfers the power to
the crankshaft and eventually to the
engine in a self starter system a
battery-powered motor provides initial
spin to the engine once the engine is
started the starter motor has to be
disengaged from the crankshaft to
prevent damage due to excessive speed
this is achieved by using a one-way
clutch the model shown here is of a
roller type one-way clutch it has an
outer race and an inner race with small
rollers as the starter motor spins the
outer race in one direction the rollers
get trapped between the surfaces and the
power is transferred to the inner race
and thus to the crankshaft once the
inner race starts spinning faster than
the outer race the rollers get released
causing the inner race to spin freely
like every four-stroke gasoline engine
motorcycle engines require a source of
ignition to ignite the air fuel mixture
for power strokes a spark plug is used
for this purpose the spark plug requires
voltage in excess of 20,000 volts to
fire properly in this particular model
the voltage is obtained from the stator
of the motorcycle although a 12-volt
battery may be used for the same purpose
the stator is a stationary coil of wires
the flywheel of the motorcycle has a set
of permanent magnets which revolves
around the stator and produces
alternating current in the coils each
output from the stator has different
purposes as shown here the output for
the ignition purpose is received from
the exciter coil this coil has a denser
winding of thinner wire than the other
coils to produce higher voltage for the
ignition this voltage is supplied to an
electrical component known as the
capacitive discharge ignition or CDI
unit the connection for an AC CDI is
shown here the primary function of the
CDI unit is to store electric charge and
dump the stored charge when required a
capacitor inside the CDI unit stores the
electric charge another component known
as a pickup coil tells the CDI unit when
to dump this charge the pickup coil has
a small magnet with a coil of wire
around it the flywheel has a small
extrusion on its outer surface as this
extrusion approaches and passes the
pickup coil a small voltage is developed
in the coil this voltage is supplied to
the CDI unit which closes an electronic
switch known as a silicon controlled
rectifier or SCR this will dump all the
charge from the capacitor through the
output of the CDI unit to increase the
voltage further an ignition coil is used
the ignition coil is a step-up
transformer which increases voltage up
to 200 times the input voltage which is
sufficient to fire the spark plug
several other factors contribute to the
continuous operation of the engine the
in
and exhaust valves are controlled by
using a timing chain as shown here as
long as the engine is running the
crankshaft rotates and transfers power
to the other components for proper
operation single cylinder engines
generally use a counterbalance to reduce
the vibration caused by unbalanced
forces the clutch helps in smooth
transfer of power from the crankshaft to
the transmission system the transmission
system helps in altering the speed and
torque as per our requirement
