the clutch is one of many essential
components of a motorcycle it is
operated by pulling or releasing the
clutch lever with the left hand before
going into the details on working of a
clutch let's see how it is assembled in
motorcycles the power from the engine is
converted to rotary motion by the
crankshaft as shown this power is then
transferred to clutch housing the clutch
assembly transfers power to the input
shaft of the gearbox the power is then
transferred to the output shaft and
eventually to the rear wheel of the
motorcycle the clutch assembly itself is
a combination of several parts it
consists of a pressure plate held in
place by using several springs and
screws this plate presses against the
clutch pack the clutch pack consists of
several steel and friction plates placed
in alternate positions the clutch basket
and the inner hub are assembled with
their axes aligned to the input shaft of
the gearbox now let's understand how a
clutch works the clutch basket
freewheels with respect to the gearbox
the engine power will spin the clutch
basket but it will not transfer any
power to the gearbox
however the inner hub is connected to
the input shaft of the gearbox if we
spin this inner hub then it will also
spin the gearbox input shaft let's take
a hypothetical connect with teeth on its
internal and external portion that can
interlock with both the clutch basket
and the inner hub if we insert this
hypothetical connector between the
clutch basket in the inner hub then we
can spin both of these at once and the
engine power reaches the gearbox and if
we remove this hypothetical connector
the clutch basket and inner hub will be
independent again and the engine power
is disconnected but there is a problem
in using this connector when the
connector is removed the inner hub spins
due to inertia of the motorcycle rear
wheel and the outer basket spins due to
engine power this is why these two
components start spinning at different
speeds in order to interlock with both
of these non synchronized spinning
components the hypothetical connector
will have
spin at two different speeds at the same
time which is impossible for example if
it matches the inner hub speed then
interlocking this connector with the
outer basket will be either impossible
or too difficult to eliminate this
problem the clutch pack is used in place
of this hypothetical connector unlike
our hypothetical connector the clutch
pack is a combination of separate
circular plates
let's take any two adjacent plates from
the clutch pack one of them is a
friction plate and the other is a steel
plate the friction plate has teeth on
the outer circumference which always
interlocks with a clutch basket and can
slide sideways along this clutch basket
the plate spins with the clutch basket
but doesn't affect the inner hub the
steel plate has teeth in its inner
portion which always interlocks with the
grooves in the inner hub and can slide
sideways along this hub this plate spins
with the inner hub but doesn't affect
the outer basket as these plates can
slide sideways we can press them
together gradually increasing friction
so that both of them start acting like a
single unit like our hypothetical
connector with this arrangement if we
spin the outer basket the inner hub will
also spin this will eventually transfer
power from the engine to the gearbox
even if the plates are spinning at
different rpm at first the gradual
increase in friction between them will
eventually synchronize them if we
release the pressure the two plates
become independent this will disconnect
the inner hub with the clutch basket and
the engine power is disconnected several
other plates are added to increase
strength and surface area now let's
understand how pressure on these plates
are changed while riding a motorcycle we
use the pressure plate for this purpose
it has ducted attachments where a set of
Springs can fit in
a set of retainer bolts are screwed to
the inner hub
this causes the spring to compress and
apply force on the clutch pack resulting
in sufficient friction between the
plates we can release the pressure on
the clutch pack by pushing the pressure
plate outwards we can control this
pressure by pulling or releasing the
clutch lever as the clutch lever is
pulled or released a cable or hydraulic
system rotates an actuator arm as shown
in the animation this arm presses
against the push rod towards the clutch
this rod goes through a duct inside the
input shaft and pushes the pressure
plate releasing the pressure on the
clutch pack when the clutch lever is
released the springs again apply
pressure to the clutch pack as shown in
the animation
you
