everybody in the land nude this was the
most famous girl in the whole land this
was the most learnin girl in the whole
land this was the most virtuous girl in
the whole land this Jewish the greatest
woman who has ever walked the face of
the earth that is maryam the daughter of
animal on may allah subhanallah be
pleased with her a loss of Panama Tejada
says yeah Mario ammonium in the LA has
fought Aki
well to Haruki what's the hockey on any
side I mean o Maryam Allah has chosen
you
Allah has purified you and Allah has
chosen you over all of the women of the
world what makes money I'm so special
and the loss of parents Hannah says that
she's an example for those who believe
well Maria Magana terrible on a loss of
Hannah and Sarah did not associate
maryam with their a saudis and i'm in
every eye of the plan he doesn't say
maryam the mother of jesus peace be upon
him he just says not again that's where
I'm wrong that volumes greatness is not
necessarily tied to her he's hiding he
set up
she was great because of who she was and
in fact her name is even mentioned more
than the name for a tiny Saddam in the
poor man because of how great she was
she's not just a woman who's great
because she happened to be the mother of
a prophet she's recognized as a woman
who perfected her faith as the prophets
Lysander mentioned her she's a woman who
demonstrates for all of us how to really
have to what put in a loss of Hannah
Montana to truly trust the loss panowitz
odda
in our most difficult times she's an
example of modesty she's an example in
her devotion to her ebody
her worship i mean all of these things
Maria Martinez salam excels in so it's
not just that she's the mother of very
tiny saddam and her story starts off
with Theravada and she was dedicated to
Allah subhana WA Ta'ala
even before she was born she grew up and
this young girl loved to worship allah
subhanho to her I mean she craved it
this woman ate you know breathe drink
the liquid of a loss of time the
remembrance of Allah span of time even
as she was a young girl and so Zeca
de-ice none would come find her and a
bad to find her worshipping Allah all
the time
[Music]
allah subhanahu wata'ala eventually
allowed them to end into the Holy Land
after 40 years and our alayhis-salam
establishes the State of Israel the
first Islamic state and establishes
Jerusalem as the capital of the first
Islamic state and he is succeeded by his
son sulaiman wa suleman alayhis-salam
and he builds the Masjid in the capital
city of the Islamic state
and when you read the story in the Quran
of Suleiman alayhi Salam and the Queen
of Sheba read between the lines and you
see in that story the recognition of the
State of Israel as the ruling state in
the world and the definition of a ruling
state is that it can impose his will on
any rival and so this is the golden age
the golden age of a new Israel the time
of Navidad alayhi Salaam and Nabil
Suleiman are they
but after the death of Solomon
alayhis-salam
allah subhanahu wa'ta'ala had prohibited
riba in the Torah
Lecce is the Torah they rewrote it
the Torah now says you can find you go
looking at you find it
Silla it is haram for a Jew to learn
money on interest to another Jew
[Music]
rabbi can you tell me why and some no
ripoff you and brother that's why it is
haram for a Jew to lend money on
interest to another tube but it is halal
he can lend me money on interest to
those who were not Jews it's called
double standards because of this change
they've made in the Torah concerning
RIBA
among other things they have now
violated the condition of righteous
conduct and so allah subhanahu wa'ta'ala
responds to this in surah 2 bani israel
he refers to this as facade facade is
corruption
this is the corruption of the word of
allah vaca dana in urban ii is surah
allah felucca tab
filthy tabular to see dutiful optimal
retain volatile una Alou and kuvira that
we recorded it in the torah invisible in
the Torah that banu israel will commit
facade in the land Yanni a lot of Makkah
Tosa in the Holy Land on two occasions
this is the first one
allah subhanahu wa'ta'ala responded to
it by sending an army from babylon an
army that worship the sun in the moon
and the stars and i don't
so these a bad are sent by allah
subhanahu wata'ala and they destroy the
state of israel and they destroy the
masjid and they take my new israel into
slavery in babylon and so now there is
their weeping by the rivers of Babylon
allah subhanahu wa ta'ala sends a
prophet Isaiah he sends many other
prophets but this one in particular to
communicate a divine promise what is the
promise we were told about a divine
promise which was communicated to the
Israelite people
that Allah was going to send a prophet
who would be known as either must see
the Messiah and who would rule the world
with justice confirmed by nabi muhammad
aleyhi that he would be Hakeem on a hard
deal he would roll from the throne
of Nevada alayhis-salam the profit TV
and with a rule which would be eternal
but when that promise was communicated
the Israelites while there in Babylon
and the Holy Land was occupied
the Israelite people understood that if
the Messiah was to fulfill this divine
promise there were certain logical
implications which followed number one
that he would have to liberate the Holy
Land number two that he would have to
bring the believers back to the Holy
Land to reclaim it as their own number
three that he would have to restore the
Holy State of Israel
founded by David and Solomon allows
places to be upon them and number four
that this Holy State of Israel would
have to become once again the ruling
state in the world and then the Messiah
could roll over from the throne of David
alayhis-salam
with a rule which would be eternal
after almost a hundred years in Babylon
suddenly things began to happen and the
Holy Land was liberated the Persian
Empire defeated Babylonians and the
Israelite people were allowed to return
to the Holy Land to reclaim it as their
own and to restore the holy state of
Israel and the temple or the Masjid
built by Solomon
alayhis-salam was rebuilt and so the
Israelite people are now excited the
excitement has reached fever pitch the
Messiah must be around the corner the
Golden Age is coming back we're going to
rule the world one more time and sure
enough the Messiah came
but when the Messiah arrived the son of
Mary while some of them accepted him the
young ones the poor the humble the
innocent for a manotaur effort to be
many Israel the establishment the
rabbi's the priests rejected working for
Allah
why did they reject the Messiah and
because Allah tested them and because
they were seeing with only one eye they
fail the test they said when I want to
be learning harder they said that his
mother had committed that enormous and
they said that this baby was Abbas if
they had seen with two eyes with the
eternal eye then they would have known
oh no appearance and reality or
completely opposite to each other with
this baby that she was still a virgin
she gave birth to the baby but they did
not see with the internal eye but if you
see with two eyes which into the
external and the internal
then they would have said wait a minute
nobody knew that she was pregnant nobody
knew she was pregnant
and from the time she was aged 2 until
the age of puberty she lived in the
temple and she had the chief rabbi
himself as her guardian Zachariah
alayhis-salam and our chief rabbi
himself told us of the miracle the
mihrab in those days were not a niche in
the wall the Messiah was an inner roof
called the holy of the Holies and in
that inner room only the sacred relics
were kept and only the chief rabbi I
could enter the room nouriel's because
she was under his guardianship she was
allowed into it enter into the Muharram
nobody else when the old man went in
into the Muharram
one day he saw her with food he said
Marian and Malachy have Maria where did
you get this food she's who I asked in
incentive she asked
I ascended and I want a son I better ask
too
huh
and then of course you know the story he
went in into the mihrab now by himself
all alone nobody with him and he asked
and the angel says allah has accent
accepted your salah and you will have a
son and Allah gave him a name already
was his name
yes here so the whole world knew this
story everybody in the land knew this
was the most famous girl in the whole
land this was the most learnin girl in
the whole land this was the most
virtuous girl in the whole land this
Jewish the greatest woman who has ever
walked the face of the earth that is
maryam the daughter of animal on may
allah subhanallah be pleased with her a
loss of hanuman Shahada says yeah Miriam
Oh Miriam in the last thought Aki
what the Hauraki was the hockey Island
Hina me o Maryam Allah has chosen you
Allah has purified you and Allah has
chosen you over all of the women of the
world what makes money I'm so special
loss of Hannah Hannah says that she's an
example for those who believe well Maria
Magana terrible on a loss of Hannah and
Sarah did not associate maryam with
their srtm in every eye of the plan he
doesn't say maryam the mother of jesus
peace be upon him he just says not again
that's where i'm wrong that volumes
greatness is not necessarily tied to her
inside he stood up she was great because
of who she was and in fact her name was
even mentioned more than the thing for a
sign he said i'm in the quran because of
how great she was she's not just a woman
who was great because she happened to be
the mother of a prophet she's recognized
as a woman who perfected her faith as
the prophets why Simon mentioned her
she's a woman who demonstrates for all
of us how to really have to echoed in a
loss of Hannah Montana to truly trust
the lost parents odda
in our most difficult times she's an
example of modesty she's an example in
her devotion to her obadah her worship I
mean all of these things
Selam excels in so it's not just that
she's the mother of very sorry salaam
and her story starts off with arribada
and she was dedicated to Allah subhana
WA Ta'ala even before she was born she
grew up and this young girl loved to
worship Allah subhanAllah
I mean she craved it this woman ate you
know breathe drink the thicket of a loss
of neurons are the remembrance of Allah
subhanAllah even as she was a young girl
and so Zeca di snot would come find her
and he died to find her worshipping
Allah all the time and no one knew she
was pregnant
she had left the town before her
pregnancy could be observed our case is
around the age of 16 years old she has
to deliver a child by herself in a
society where if you smell like adultery
okay if you've been accused of adultery
in any way you're going to be stoned
you're going to be tortured but this
woman subhanAllah she goes and she she
hides from society so money or money
Islam the sixteen year old girl is
delivering this baby by herself and she
said yeah late anemic to Papa dadada
welcome to an Sen Lancia I wish I would
have died before this and been
completely forgotten subhanAllah I wish
I never existed because the shame that
she's going to be put through the you
know she's probably gonna be stoned the
baby is going to be stoned you know all
that she's going to go through and a
loss of Hanna hood to Hannah responds to
Maria Martinez set up and actually
debris right through gibreel eyes I'm
Jillian Salaam whenever she says yeah
Layton he meant to Coppola holla work
Internacional Mencia job dear
alehissalaam responds to her and laughed
as any other Jahanara bokutachi Sevilla
don't grieve don't grieve right a loss
Panama Tejada has placed a river beneath
you
and Dar es Salaam says well who's the
alaikum we did enough likely to suffer
to awaken motovun janilla and go ahead
and shake that palm tree and fresh ripe
dates will fall upon you after she's
given birth she's tired fatigued weak
engineer Aslam first tells her Atlanta
honey don't grieve your mother said that
you're just a girl right you are saying
that you wish you never existed Allah is
going to make you a legend for all men
and for all women what can it mean a
little carnitine and that's why I lost
fantasies and sourced attacking that
Maryam is not just from upon attacked
the devout women Maryam is from the
devout men and women she holds her own
she has a special rank amongst all men
and all women so your mother was wrong
and you were wrong don't grieve and
Allah is with you when the baby was born
if she had committed that vile deed then
what she should have done was to try to
conceal her sin
maybe take the baby put it in front of
somebody's front door knock on the door
and run away huh
in New York of course they do something
else to it in the garbage bin but she
didn't do that she didn't do it she came
back with the baby so Allah says attach
me here call my heart I mean you know
she went to her people carrying the baby
she came back with a baby in front of
her not behind him she came to the front
road not to the back road she came in
the daylight not in the nighttime she
knew who the baby was because the angel
told her this is the Messiah and she
knew that this is a test so she has to
be silent so when the questioned her
Mary how could you do this thing your
father and mother were not like this
she only pointed to the baby Mary babies
don't talk for this time the baby talk
and when the baby declared that I am The
Messenger of Allah they responded and
they said Hadassah forum movie a plain
magic and today's lecture reminds the
speaker and the audience that unless we
see with the internal eye we will be
deceived in so many different ways
[Music]
you
